welcome to the ocean studio here as part
of the Yahowah blog i'm here with the
the wookie and we're going to continue so
that we conclude our session in first
samuel about the identification of Dowd as
god's chosen one for him to anoint as
the maseach and what he had to say
about him and then we're going to venture
into micah
uh to continue to learn all we can
about this very special man and Yahowah's
relationship with him it is a bit dicey
here in the caribbean we've got some rain
clouds that are moving in and out heavy
heavy rain last night filled up the
cistern so that's always a good thing the
plants are all celebrating but we may have
a rapid conclusion to the program
way of an update we will be doing
a vlog on the blog on what's the
next uh escalation in the iranian war it
appears that donald trump is going to
dispatch uh many thousands of special
forces to take the islands in the persian
gulf and i want to talk to you
about what i think the consequence of that
is going to be as it plays out
most likely over this weekend so that no
one is surprised also
We've made a lot of progress on the
YadaYah.com website.
We have one malcontent that we're going to
have to figure out what to do with
because with everyone using it well,
we have a...
A plant from that malcontent cult that is
trying to abuse everything that I have so
freely shared to be a contrarian.
And so we're going to have to figure
out how we preclude a gift that I
am offering people to learn about Yahowah.
from being corrupted by the malignant
among us.
But other than that,
things are quite well.
We actually got up for a few minutes
a community page.
I thought it worked great.
But our beloved web designer, Sir Joe,
wasn't er
convinced that it was ready to put up
for live use yet,
even though I made probably ten,
twelve posts on it and thought it was
working just spectacularly, creating the
kind of community we were hoping for.
And I suspect that he'll get it back
up shortly and we can use it.
But it has a couple of glitches and
he wants to fix those before
It goes live.
But anyway,
we're very close to having a community
capability within the website.
So very pleased to announce that.
This particular line is one I wanted to
share with you again so that we can
conclude our review of First Samuel as
Yahowah.
directed his judge, who became a prophet,
Samuel, which means he listens to God,
to reach out to and retrieve the eighth
son of a really a derelict man and
a mother who
was never known to her son.
But we're speaking of Dowd and what God
had to say about him first and foremost
before anything else is earth shattering
for anyone who isn't aware of what I
have already been able to deduce.
about how God deploys and redeploys
certain souls to achieve his agenda.
It says, so Shamuw’el, he listens to God,
conveyed to Yshay,
it means source of existence,
although the man himself was a bum,
reach out and get him is the instruction
this is uh Dowd the eighth son the
youngest because we will not turn away we
will not change our approach until he
arrives here boy that's a message for all
of us we're going to stay the course
we're going to continue to do what we're
doing we will not be uh
swayed it otherwise,
and we need to continue on this path
until Dowd arrives right here.
So he sent him,
he sent a way for him.
Of course, he didn't go get him himself.
Too big an operator was Yshay to bother
to do that.
He just sent somebody else off to get
his eight-year-old son,
who was tending sheep in Bethlehem.
And it says, first of all, wa huw
admowny .
Stunning.
It's almost always rendered,
and he was ruddy and redheaded because
Adom can mean that he was...
the same essentially word as we find as
Adam,
and therefore he was like the first man.
And Adam, the description of man,
and Adam,
which is now used to describe the first
man created in God's image,
are synonymous in the Hebrew text.
There is no difference between the way
ha-Adam is written, meaning the man,
Or Adam, in fact,
you have to take the definite article away
to turn Adam into a name.
It's always presented in that context of
as Ha-Adam, as the man.
So it is descriptive of the first man
that God created in his image,
and that makes him special.
It's the only person that God literally
conceived with his own hands.
No mother, no father.
and that God blew the nephesh soul,
his consciousness,
into him along with his Neshamah,
which is his conscience,
ability to discern right and wrong,
to be able to reason and be judgmental.
The one thing that made him in the
image of God,
this ability to exercise good judgment
regarding the things that he was
witnessing around him.
And that makes...
Adam, the firstborn of Yahowah.
in this regard,
and so when Yahowah speaks of Dowd as
his firstborn, there is,
for those who know how to make reasoned
connections between the things God says,
a definite correlation between Dowd being
God's Bakowr, firstborn,
and Adam being the first man,
literally conceived by God,
where God is the equivalent of the mother
and father,
and where he has breathed his soul right
into him.
and this says uh Adam and it's admowny
admowny uh then with a yod at the
end of it so Adam means Adam or
the man so he is the man he
is uh Adam uh with a own following
it the own in hebrew uh
permeates the language and is used, uh,
to speak of all things pertaining to
something.
So, uh, for example,
a Shabbatown is all things pertaining to
the Shabbat.
Uh,
Zikarown is all things pertaining to the
most memorable of, uh, of men.
Excuse me there, Wookie.
You're going to knock, uh,
whisper man off the table and everything's
going to go crashing down.
Thank you.
There you're repositioned right there on
the table.
Nicely done.
Um,
And one of the most interesting words that
God uses regarding Dowd is he calls him
Elyown,
which is all things pertaining to the
influence of Almighty God.
So the own following Adam here would be
all things pertaining to Adam,
which means he is saying he is Adam
and that he is not just Adam.
He is everything pertaining to Adam.
which means he would have Adam's
conscience and Adam's consciousness,
Adam's personality, Adam's attributes.
He's Adam.
That's the first thing he told us.
Now, the only difference,
the addition between Adam, Aleph
Dalet, Mem, which is how Adam is written.
And then the own,
which is the Wa Nun,
which is the waters,
the life-giving waters,
and the Nun being a son or something
that God is giving new life to.
So Adam...
with this own ending,
conveying those concepts,
is the last letter is a yod or
a y.
When a yod or a y is used
in this kind of a context,
it describes something that is my.
It's from ani.
And so it would be the all things
pertaining to my Adam.
That's who Dowd is.
Now, once you recognize that,
which is the point that I have been
making,
and I think if you're going to perceive
the entire portrait that God is painting
and understand his timeline, his players,
the pace to which this story is
unraveling, the places it takes place,
it is essential to eventually come to
embrace what I have been sharing here over
this last month.
maybe a month and a half,
where it's becoming overwhelmingly evident
that God has a cast of characters that
he uses over and over again.
There are souls that he has come to
trust, that he has deployed previously,
that he knows he can count on to
get this job done.
And
Dowd happens to be the first and foremost
of those individuals.
The captain of the cables is out here
saying, you know,
I think we're still okay,
but it could pour on us any moment.
I'm drip dry.
But we've got, I don't know,
twenty thousand dollars worth of equipment
out here that may not take the same
view.
Plus, our books don't much like water.
I don't know if you've ever seen a
paperback after it has been soaked,
but it is not a pretty picture.
So we'll try to protect the books,
first of all,
and then things like the microphones and
the teleprompter and the cameras and the
lights and the computers and all of that
sort of thing.
This is really a profound insight.
The fact that God is confirming it this
adroitly after we discovered it is just an
indication of how genuinely good, kind,
compassionate, caring is.
He is regarding those doing his bidding.
Every time we've come up with an insight
that it strikes you saying, well,
the only logical, rational,
reasonable explanation of what we are
considering here would indicate
that this is a new conclusion,
a new profoundly important insight.
God then directs us to a series of
passages that confirm it.
The tail wag here is because Leah has
come to the doorway,
and I think she's retrieving Qara,
and you can see what Wookie thinks of
Leah.
So I'm thrilled with this.
I'm very comfortable with everything that
it represents and know it to be true.
And I hope that it becomes more and
more comfortable with the covenant family
that God has a series of people that
he likes to use.
And then it goes on after saying he
is all things pertaining to my Adam.
And it says that he is Yaphah,
which means he's a very attractive
individual.
He has a cheerful attitude.
He has a bright disposition.
And he is, he said,
he's pleasing in appearance.
He's beautifully proportioned, desirable.
Seeing him from God's point of view,
at least he is exceptionally pleasant.
But now imagine this,
because I think it's important for you to
know this.
God will tell us that he sees individuals
different than we do.
He sees what matters, which is the soul.
The body is irrelevant to him.
The body should be irrelevant to us.
It's all about the soul.
I think part of the problem is what
religion has done.
Both Judaism, Christianity,
and Islam all speak of bodily resurrection
as if the body is going to...
be part of the eternal existence,
and it's just utter rubbish.
If you're in love with your body and
you think that
that your body matters,
then you're not part of the covenant.
You're just not going to be part of
this family going forward.
You've got to recognize that all God sees
in us is our nephesh soul.
That's the only part of us that goes
forward.
It's the only part of us that can
be released from three dimensions,
be enveloped in light energy,
and taken into the fourth, fifth, sixth,
and seventh dimension,
exploring the universe and entering God's
heavenly home.
And so when he says that he was
visually pleasing, what God is saying,
the soul that I see, I like.
That soul is beautifully proportioned.
It's desirable.
It's exceedingly pleasant.
It's agreeable.
It's delightful.
Yahowah loves Dowd.
All there is to it.
And he said, of your own volition,
now stand up.
Take a stand regarding Dowd.
You should want to anoint him as Messiah
of our own free will.
This should be our decision that we
recognize that Dowd is the Messiah,
we should anoint him,
give him that distinction.
That distinction belongs to him because
indeed this is he, God said so.
You know,
Christianity created a religion based on a
myth that Paul created and called him the
Christ as if he were the Messiah.
It happens to be a Greek term that
speaks of the application of drugs.
It was the closest Greek term that they
could find or that Paul chose anyway.
It means, by the way, to be drugged.
But to say that of a iesous christus
spit in God's face.
God said you should want to anoint as
Messiah.
Dowd.
Because indeed, he is the one.
This is he.
And for the idiots that promote
Christianity to say, oh, no, it's Jesus.
He's the Christ.
You're telling me that God is a liar
and I'm not buying it.
You shouldn't buy it.
It's a fool's folly.
It's annoying to God.
Don't do that.
And at this point, we're told that
So then Shamuw’el,
he grasped hold of the horn.
We talked about this in our last program
from the Ocean Studio.
The qeren is used routinely to direct our
attention to Dowd.
It was the qeren of Dowd as the
Passover lamb that was found on Mount
Moriah during the dress rehearsal for
Pesach that Yahowah provided in place of
the
only and beloved firstborn son of Abraham,
that being Esau,
don't take your son's life,
your only son whom you love.
Because Yahowah said,
I will provide the lamb.
And then the lamb was seen with its
horns radiating and caught in the thicket
on the top of Mount Moriah.
Those horns always apply to Dowd.
And it says that the horn was of
olive oil and anoint him in the midst
of his brothers.
You know,
Dowd isn't to be anointed apart from
Yisrael.
He is to be anointed as part of
Israel.
You see,
the kinsman redeemer is called a kinsman
redeemer because guess what?
He's Kin.
When Ruth told Bo'az, you know,
I'm your ‘Amah, I'm your productive mother,
and I'm going to deliver the kinsman
redeemer when she was in Bethlehem with
him.
She was talking about the fact that the
Messiah and Redeemer, the Savior,
is kin to Yisrael.
That's why it says among his brothers.
Now,
being anointed is a symbolic action that
says that God has designated this
individual for a particular purpose.
Now,
the purpose with Dowd is extraordinary,
and that's why God says later on in
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr that he used his
own very special anointing oil to anoint
to Dowd.
There is no one anywhere close to his
stature as a messianic figure.
He is the one.
As God says, yes, this is he.
Now,
that's an outward symbol and an
endorsement of this man's nephesh soul,
one that will be deployed and already has
been deployed many times and will be
deployed again.
But that's just the beginning.
The bigger part of this is twofold.
One is that the Ruwach of Yahowah,
the spirit of Yahowah,
There's very few individual or souls that
Yahowah specifically says that the spirit
of Yahowah came upon him.
And Dowd is one of those individuals.
The spirit of Yahowah also comes upon the
Choter.
So this is an important designation,
and it's the spirit of Yahowah that not
only protects him and empowers him and
enlightens him and enables him and
enriches him.
There's just so many things that the
spirit does.
And we know with Dowd,
the spirit would never leave him,
which means the spirit was with him during
the suffering of Pesach and of Matsah
going through Bikywrym.
And
This is not something that any individual
can see, but when God says it's happened,
you need to know it's happened.
And that you don't want to ever go
against someone whom Yah has bequeathed
his Ruwach.
That's an exceptional designation and
enablement.
The second thing I wanted to say is
that
when Yahowah chooses to prepare and present
someone in an important role he tells you
all about it there are more descriptions
from god and prophecies from god regarding
what he has done and will do with
Dowd than any other person you know his
story goes back six thousand years to the
garden and
It is integrated into forevermore as he is
king of Sukah, returning on Kipurym.
So God tells you when he is working
with someone.
That's why there is upwards of a thousand
prophecies on the lesser luminary,
Dowd being the greater luminary,
on the tree of knowledge,
Dowd being the tree of lives, on...
Everything that Dowd represents as the
Messiah and as the Melek King,
as the firstborn of God,
God has upwards of a hundred titles.
and designations for Dowd.
And he did the same thing with Moshe.
He told us exactly the same thing,
that he had chosen Moshe for this task.
That's why when Miriam said,
we too speak for God, God says,
when I choose someone that I'm going to
speak through,
you know it and they know it because
I've said so.
That's why they're upwards of a thousand.
titles and designations and prophetic
accounts regarding the role of the Nakry
and the Choter.
This is the nature of what God is
saying.
Now,
it's saying that the spirit of Yahowah
didn't come passively upon Dowd,
but it came with tremendous power,
succeeding such that he would prosper.
He would be able to thrive.
He would be endowed with the ability to
prevail and become especially useful.
It was tsalach el Dowd.
So it came upon Dowd David
You know, well,
there is no V in Hebrew.
Certainly not at this time.
It was contrived by the rabbis over a
thousand years after.
In fact,
that V sound was actually contrived by the
rabbis in the eleventh century CE.
So two thousand years after this.
And the name is written Dalet Wah Dalet
So it is definitely Dowd.
But it says that that spirit of Yahowah
came upon Dowd.
Doesn't say it came upon Jesus.
Doesn't say it came upon Hashem.
Doesn't say it came upon a rabbi.
Came upon Dowd.
Got to deal with that.
Dowd is the one that Yahowah says is
the Messiah.
The one that Yahowah chose.
The one that goes all the way back
in terms of his consciousness and
conscience to Adam.
So then Samuel stood up,
the job was done,
and he walked to Ramah,
which is a high place.
Very clear indication of what God called
him to do.
Go and do this.
So,
and therefore the spirit of Yahowah turned
away from any association with Sha'uwl.
it isn't that the spirit of Yahowah uh
is limited to being on one person Yahowah
took the spirit of uh he didn't say
with the spirit of Yahowah but he said
it was the spirit and divided it
seventy-fold to get uh additional help for
moshe when moshe had his crash and burn
So God can allocate his spirit to more
than one person.
At this point,
we only know of one person that has
been given the spirit of Yahowah,
plus six other spirits associated with
Yahowah, and that would be the Choter.
But still at this moment,
the spirit of Yahowah would be around the
soul of Dowd,
would be around the soul of Moshe.
So it is something that I think is
continued with the people that God
chooses.
But you got to see it through.
You know, the people chose Sha'uwl, Saul.
Yahowah said, bad idea.
They're rejecting me to choose him.
But, you know, free will and all.
I gave them free will,
which means I have to allow them to
reject me.
I have to allow them to have an
alternative.
And so, you know, I'm going to.
endorse this to the extent that I can.
I'm going to,
rather than plague his kingship,
I'm going to do what I can to
enable it.
It's going to turn out poorly,
but I'm not going to be the reason
that it turns out poorly,
is what God's basically saying.
So he anointed Sha'uwl,
and he placed his spirit on Sha'uwl,
and Sha'uwl turned out to be an egomaniac
tried to augment and change the Towrah.
And God said, no,
we're not going to have any of that.
You're done.
And he removed his spirit from Sha'uwl.
That's appropriate because you look at
someone like Miriam again.
Miriam was called a prophetess when she
was
coordinated the women's response to the
Song of the Sea.
That wasn't much of a role,
but nonetheless,
God called her a prophetess while she was
doing that.
And then God struck her with leprosy,
said that it's as if your father is
spitting in your face.
He ostracized her from the community,
and then he used her and Dabarym as
the best example of being divorced and
therefore separated from God.
So
It is possible to go from being covenant
to not being covenant.
You can work yourself right out of the
covenant relationship based upon you
challenging God's intent and Sha'uwl did and
Sha'uwl was.
As a result,
Now this doesn't happen to everyone,
but it certainly did happen to Sha'uwl,
and maybe it happened to Sha'uwl because
when the spirit of Yahowah left him,
it left such a void that he was
hungry for power.
He was hungry for the way that felt
in him,
and therefore he was open to the spirit
of Satan having
Yahowah, well, having turned on him and said,
no, I can't be part of this anymore.
You've become malignant.
So he allowed the spirit of Satan to
infect him.
You know,
I think this is what happened to Donald
Trump.
I think he's always been a despicable man.
In fact,
we know he's always been a despicable man.
But sometime after losing the election,
cycle five years ago and being brought up
in all manner of charges and losing every
case and very quickly going bankrupt and
headed to jail as a convicted felon and
having the worst cases still pending
against him election fraud in georgia and
the uh document uh scheme this uh having
uh in
Mar-a-Lago documents that were government
documents that he was using for commercial
purposes.
These violations would have caused him to
go to prison.
And somewhere along the way,
wanting to crawl back to power,
wanting to get revenge on those he did
not like,
and trying to keep from going bankrupt,
he definitely made himself available to
and open to Satan
And now he is demon-possessed.
He is the Rahab.
He is the corporeal manifestation of
Satan.
And it's really obvious,
something that we have disclosed seventeen
months ago.
And with every day since that time,
he has proven that conclusion to be
accurate.
So in this case, as a result,
an evil and malignant spirit overwhelmed
and tormented him for being against
Yahowah.
For those who don't like the idea of
me saying that Donald Trump is demon
possessed because they don't like the idea
of demons or Satan or whatever it may
be,
The testimony of Yahowah indicates that it
is possible for someone to be overwhelmed
and tormented, inundated and troubled,
pained, if you will,
that's what ba'ath means,
by a evil and malignant spirit.
This is what it says.
It's a ra'ah, harmful and inaccurate,
perverted and ruinous,
incorrect and immoral Ruwach.
So,
Facts are facts.
God's statement is clear.
There are evil spirits.
Sha'uwl is an example of somebody that was
infected with a tormenting spirit.
His namesake,
the example that he sets for us to
understand Sha'uwl, who became Paul,
the author of the first fourteen books of
the Christian New Testament.
He also admitted at the end of his
second letter to the Corinthians of being
demon possessed,
having an evil spirit from Satan that
controlled him.
So this is something we have to be
aware of and look out for.
And we'd have to be blind to miss
the connection.
Both Sha'uwls,
the king and the wannabe apostle,
were demon-possessed.
They were tormented by an evil spirit
dispatched by Satan to control them.
The wannabe apostle Paul called Satan's
messenger a thorn in his side and was
used to control his
out of control ego and interestingly
enough both uh malignancies um are
attributed to men who were committed to
devaluing Dowd, all right well
At this point,
there are over one thousand one hundred
additional references to Dowd and the
Towrah and Prophets,
many of which are prophetic,
even though his name was expressly
excluded in each,
or I should say included in each.
Most have been misappropriated or denied.
That's the nature of Christianity.
ignore what God actually said.
They take a snippet out of context,
misrepresent it, misconstrue it,
misappropriate it, mistranslate it,
and say, that's my guy.
I got a prophecy right here about Jesus.
No, it's a story about Dowd,
a prophetic indication of who Dowd is and
what he would accomplish.
So even though his name was included in
each of these prophecies regarding him,
most have been either denied Dowd or
misappropriated to Jesus.
There are also many others which speak of
the Mashyach Messiah without naming him at
all,
which were written about Dowd and only
Dowd qualifies.
One such example is found in Mykayah,
Micah.
It describes someone who will come from
Bethlehem,
which obviously Dowd did in this life.
But the one we're talking about now,
around one thousand B.C.E.
But also.
And his fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym,
thirty three years before that time,
he was born in Bethlehem again.
So Christians claim it must be Jesus
because the New Testament says Jesus was
born in a manger in Bethlehem.
All they're doing is Paul was claiming,
and so were his cronies,
that they know the Messiah was coming from
Bethlehem.
God said so in numerous places.
So they just put their myth,
their baby God, in Bethlehem.
So...
Doesn't apply to Jesus.
Was no Jesus.
Anyway, this is what it says.
Now at that time,
at this point in the narration,
and subject to this sequence of events,
settlements, towns, and villages,
apart from societal influence and
unaffected by religion or politics,
you should band together.
A siege of rebels and raiders of this
confining onslaught of plundering
marauders are placed against us.
with a rod and weapon of war,
people associated by race or geography,
this is ba ha shebet,
it's an all-encompassing term,
it can speak of subdivisions of people or
of rulers, will choose to smite, afflict,
and destroy the decision-maker and the
judge,
the one who exercises good judgment of
Yisrael on the jaw.
Mykayah
who is like Yahowah, Micah, five, one.
Well, interesting,
it's saying here just as the opening
stanza.
So now at this time,
he's saying prophetically,
there will be towns, settlements,
and villages that are going to be used
apart from anything that you would think
would be appropriate and that they should
be used
stand aside from religious societal
influences.
They should be unaffected by religion or
politics.
But look what happened to Bethlehem.
Look what happened to Nazareth.
Look what happened to Jerusalem.
All of these things got enveloped in
religious myths and societal influences
and the like.
And so this is a prophetic warning and
saying, don't let that happen.
Now it's...
towns and villages don't have a
personality where they can make a choice,
but the people in them,
the people who write of them,
the people who should be protective of
them can.
And it says, you know,
now at this time, keep these settlements,
towns and villages separate from,
these societal influences,
keep them unaffected by religion and
politics.
And you should band together in this
regard because there is going to be a
siege of rebels,
these raiders who will have an onslaught
and they will try to plunder these towns
and they will be against Israel.
That's what Christianity did.
That's what Islam has done.
And so with a rod and weapons of
war, people associated by race, culture,
and geography,
both Christians and Muslims,
will choose to smite, afflict,
and destroy the decision maker and the
judge of Yisrael,
doing so on the jaw where one would
speak.
So there would be occasions where this
would apply,
both of which pertain to Dowd in
actuality.
The plundering raiders seeking to restrict
and afflict the Israelites,
robbing them of their dignity, their land,
their Messiah,
and place as God's people would be known
as Romans, both the empire and the church.
and that would place this attack adjacent
to Dowd's arrival to fulfill the first
three Miqra'ey in year four thousand YAH.
Or these marauding militants could be
today's Muslims hell-bent on ransacking
Israel.
If so,
this would be addressing the days before
Dowd's return in year six thousand YAH to
fulfill the last two Mow'ed.
Either way, they are attacking Dowd,
who is Israel's decision maker and judge,
seeking to silence and incapacitate him.
But there's also a decision maker that God
has empowered that is speaking to the
world at this time,
warning them to disparage Dowd.
and to attribute the lands that are
associated with him and his kingdom with
the religion of Christianity or Islam is a
diabolical thing that is going to engender
Yahowah's wrath to the extent that all of
you who do that,
who opine for a Palestinian state and
freeing Palestine and for denying that
Jews have the rights to the land of
Israel,
You're in serious trouble because God's
going to annihilate all of you before his
return on Taruw'ah in year six thousand
years, which is twenty thirty three,
seven years from now.
And you, Bethlehem, it's house of Lechem,
house of bread or house of conflict.
Lechem can be translated either way.
Ephrath, which means fruitful,
branching off and bearing fruit, which,
of course, a Down would certainly do.
Existing as the younger sibling among the
thousands of Yahuwdah,
from you to approach me,
one shall come forth to be the one
who writes proverbs and governs.
Mashal, in Yisrael, whose beginnings...
is from antiquity, from ancient days.
Well,
who do you suppose we're talking about
here?
Who's came from Bethlehem,
that would be Dowd in life,
this particular life,
the one we're talking about now,
which is a thousand BCE, thereabouts.
And then he was born again in Bethlehem
to fulfill Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwyrm.
And God is saying,
now he's writing this in or about, what,
six, seven hundred BCE,
and saying that this person comes from
great antiquity, from ancient days,
from days very, very long ago,
which would seem like an eternity of days.
And this ancient days and from antiquity
is repeated with min qedem from long ago
because he existed a very long time in
the past.
And from ancient days, min yowmym owlam
right back into antiquity.
I know somebody that came from antiquity.
In fact,
the first man that was created in God's
image by God himself with both a
conscience and a consciousness, his name,
well, he was called the man.
We know him as Adam.
And Yahowah just told us that Dowd was
Adam, all things pertaining to Adam.
So they say, you know, when...
one of the wonderful parts about doing
this job is that the more you learn,
the more you understand,
the more you're able to learn.
And you get to a point where learning
occurs at such a tremendous pace and that
the insights become so,
just so much like a fire hose of
new information.
And that what would have taken six years
to,
to learn at the beginning can be processed
and developed in six months and what took
six months to learn years ago can be
outdone in six days today that's where we
are it's exponential growth and here
because of the thirty first mashal and all
of the things pertaining to it
we came to recognize that Yahowah has
favorite souls and that he has deployed
them right from the beginning,
beginning with Adam and running all the
way through the process until, uh,
Doe's return in a year, six thousand.
Yeah.
All the way through the process,
the key characters, um,
are reused not all of them some of
them are ones and dones but when god
needs something accomplished and he has to
rely on a person doing it um he
chooses souls that he knows that he's
trust that he's had prior experience with
and now he is telling you that this
person who has come from bethlehem and who
will come from bethlehem is from ancient
days
from antiquity.
And from God's point of view,
antiquity begins in the garden when he
created Adam.
And so these insights about God taking
certain souls,
and Dowd is first and foremost among them,
Chanowk,
is the next who plays out eight times
in God's story,
all the way to today and throughout
tomorrow,
that these souls come from antiquity.
There is even the possibility that when
God spoke of Elohym,
in the plural use of the word,
which typically just means that God's
being inclusive.
It's the royal we.
It's how a humble person would talk when
they're doing something magnificent.
We did this.
We all use that when we're talking about
something that is so outstanding as to
make what we're saying seem a bit
egotistical.
We'll throw in what's called the royal we.
And so maybe nothing more than that.
It could be more than that.
And so when God says that this soul
came from ancient antiquity,
it could be very much that when God
put the soul into Adam, the first man,
that he already knew him.
wasn't the beginning of the relationship.
You know,
there's no point where God goes to Adam
and say, okay, um, hi man, I'm God,
uh, God, man, man, God, uh,
let's do a, I don't know,
we do a handshake.
I don't know what we do in these
cases, but, um, let me, uh,
let's go beyond the simple introductions,
uh, planet earth.
Uh, you're in a garden and planet earth.
Let me tell you where you are and
what we're going to do here and how
this is going to work out.
And oh, by the way,
this won't be our only time together,
but I'm going to lay it all out
for you and we'll take it from here
and see how it works out.
No, not how the story goes, is it?
Not at all.
Well,
we go from Adam being created to God
saying, you know, lots of trees here.
Eat from any trees you want.
Just know that that tree and the middle
of the garden, that tree of knowledge,
eat from that tree.
And while you're going to experience death
and there's some consequences there.
So do what you want again,
free will and all, but avoid that.
You think that's their first conversation?
It didn't begin by saying,
what are these things?
And what are the eyes?
And what are these walls here for?
Who are those Cherub that are on the
walls?
You're obviously more than you're
manifesting yourself when you're
communicating to me here.
You're a lot bigger than that if you
created this whole thing.
What's beyond those walls?
What's the story with animals?
Why are the trees having fruit?
It's got to be a gazillion questions that
you would have, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So do you think it began with that?
No.
So very possible.
So I'm on record as saying I am
absolutely convinced that this and the
previous statement that I have read
demonstrates conclusively
that Adam is Dowd, Dowd is Adam.
And that not only is Dowd Adam,
there was another insertion of Dowd's soul
between the time of Adam and the time
of the Dowd as the eight-year-old boy from
Bethlehem, whom obviously God knew really,
really well.
It wasn't because he bonded with an
eight-year-old out there tending sheep.
So I have,
in the book that I'm writing now,
delineated all six of Dowd's existences,
but I'm also fairly convinced that Noach's
eldest son, Shem, was Dowd's soul.
And that, uh, uh, we, uh,
the next of course is the Dowd that,
uh, we come to know,
but there's also the very real possibility
that, that, uh, and I think likelihood.
that the Mydod and the Eldowd during
Moshe's meltdown that God said, hey,
listen, I understand Moshe,
you're having a tough time with this.
You don't know, you don't, you want out.
And I've got a couple of guys that
I'm inspiring and you know,
I'll take it from here.
You just get them to the promised land.
We'll take it from there.
It appears to me that,
and I've also written this in this book
as well, Coming Home For,
that there are some fifteen,
twenty clues that suggest that Dowd and
his pal,
Midowd were also in the periphery around
Moshe to keep the top from spinning out
of control because Moshe needed
supervision.
He needed a backdrop.
He needed someone to
protect him, sometimes even from himself.
So that would make the Dowd of Bethlehem
as the eight year old shepherd,
the fourth iteration of Dowd.
And I think that's really quite likely.
And the fifth would be when he was
born in Bethlehem in two BCE on
Sukah, uh,
for the purpose of fulfilling Pesach,
Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in year four thousand YAH.
Uh,
that'd be the fifth and the sixth
iteration of Dowd,
which will be when he returns as king
with Yahowah on Kipurym in year
twenty-thirty-three.
Now, again,
if you want to disagree with some of
this, you know, feel free, um, uh,
do so respectfully because, uh,
God's all in with this story.
Uh, I have, um,
I'd done an enormous amount of
collaboration and the insight was given to
me by Yah and has now been proven
time and again by Yah.
So my hope for you would be that
you would be accepting of this insight and
have an appreciation that this is the way.
And in fact, it is the only way.
that God could keep his story and his
plans apace so that they would play out
when and with whom he intended and how
he needed for this whole story to
materialize with his return in six
thousand year twenty thirty three.
It stays on pace.
The most important events are fulfilled.
The key players deliver all because of
this plan with Yahowah.
And so
Micah, who is like, yeah, five-two,
affirms that very thing.
And you, Bethlehem,
house of grain and home of conflict,
Ephrath, you're fruitful,
branching off and bearing fruit.
You exist as the younger sibling among the
thousands
of Yahuwdah.
From you to approach me,
one shall come forth to be the one
who writes Proverbs and who governs,
who conveys wisdom with word pictures in
Yisrael,
whose beginning was from antiquity,
from a very long time ago,
because he existed in the distant past,
from ancient days.
So as an interesting insight, of course,
Dowd was the youngest sibling at that
particular birth.
I don't know if he was the firstborn
or the fourthborn in two BCE.
He could have had older brothers of Jacob,
Shimon, and Ya'uqanon,
but
You know,
it doesn't really matter if there's
brothers who were miscast by Paul as
disciples,
whether they were older or younger than
them.
Then Dowd at that time probably doesn't
make a lot of difference.
So I don't know if God's going to
follow the exact same script in this
regard.
It just says that Ruth speaking to Bo'az,
who was instrumental enough in the whole
story that one of the two columns of
the temple is named after Bo'az.
It means with strength.
that she said to him,
I am your ‘Amah.
And we know that the ‘Amah is the
one who delivers Dowd.
And she says,
I will deliver the kinsman redeemer to
you.
And when we trace all of the prophecies
regarding what happened and where it
happened,
that it's obvious that they gave birth to
Dowd in two BCE on Sukah.
I don't know if he was the youngest
at that time,
but God could have stayed the same way
and had him be the youngest and his
older brothers look after him.
It would have been just fine as it
relates to the story.
So we have Dowd being born in Bethlehem,
both of these two occasions,
as well as him being conceived in the
garden, six thousand years ago.
And there is one proverb that I think
that Dowd wrote.
I don't know how many of them he
wrote.
There's thirty of them that are ascribed
to Eythan ha 'Ezrachy and there are
thirty one all total.
One is ascribed to Solomon.
So is it possible that we're missing one
of them or one or two are combined
or one was split into two?
I mean, possibilities are one was
two were combined into one certainly a
possibility in that regard too uh but um
i think that the fourteenth which is about
the Choter was likely written by Dowd um
and we have the one written by solomon
and and then the rest were written by
um eythan ha 'Ezrachy so um dote's
extraordinary in this regard.
He is the ultimate leader of God's people.
Micah wrote between seven thirty five and
seven hundred BCE.
I don't know if we have him on
the timeline, but if we don't,
we should add him.
I know how to do that now.
We have an admin to do that.
But between seven thirty five and seven
hundred BCE,
about three hundred years after the event
that we're talking about or have been
talking about,
which is the first anointing of Dowd.
uh, in, uh, and around Bethlehem by, uh,
Shamuw’el and, um, and Yahowah.
Um,
So the departure from Bethlehem probably
took place with that particular meeting in
second or first Samuel around ten thirty
four BCE.
Now,
is that considered ancient times long,
long, long time ago?
Fifteen generations now.
So he's looking all the way back to
the the time of of Adam all the
way back.
to the beginning.
Now for an unexpected wrinkle in the
framework of time.
Among the Qumran collections,
there was a commentary written on behalf
of the sect's righteous teacher,
which was based upon Mykayah, Micah.
And making his argument against the
Pharisees, the Essene wrote,
one shall not come forth to be the
one who writes Proverbs and governs in
Yisrael.
So it says, one shall not come forth,
lo yata.
to be the one who writes Proverbs and
governs in Israel.
If his question was accurate,
then Yahowah was bemoaning the fact that
after Dowd,
there would be no one to lead his
people.
And in context,
there are also a few variations between
the Essene citations and the Masoretic
text throughout the rest of the book.
This negation is still worth noting.
Returning to Micaiah's prophetic
presentation,
this next statement speaks of Yisrael
having been released such that
they would no longer influence others.
And then of her beginning to bud and
grow again after a long intermission.
Therefore,
we should be anticipating God's family
returning as the covenant is reaffirmed
following a painful and traumatic
estrangement.
Here's what it says.
Therefore, he shall give them to another.
until such time as she begins to bud
and grow, conceiving and giving birth,
yalad, yaladah.
She becomes pregnant,
experiences birth pangs,
and bears offspring with feminine
characteristics,
beginning a daughter in travail.
Then the remnant of his brothers shall
change as they return and they are
restored as the children of Yisra'el.
Micah, five, three.
So the story here is there's a daughter
of Israel.
She's the ‘Amah.
And that there is a time when after
Israel has been given over to the control
of another,
God divorced Israel back in the time of
Howsha, seven fifty ish BCE.
Then there is a time now where Yisrael
is able to grow and conceive.
Bud again,
as we're looking at the germation of the
covenant family of this ‘Amah and her Baal
husband,
able to conceive this covenant family,
giving them birth.
And so God's saying, yeah,
I gave up on Israel.
I pulled away, I divorced Israel.
And so she was controlled by all manner
of nations,
but now she's ready to bud and grow
again.
She's ready to conceive and give birth.
And that ultimate family comes in not so
much by the few that are part of
the covenant.
but by the many who will be part
of the remnant.
This is the yester,
the remainder that is left.
That remnant that exists and is also
brought into Yaruwshalaim on Taruwah in twenty
thirty-three, year six thousand year.
And that remnant will be of his brothers,
of those brothers.
the thing that will make them different
and them receptive to being productive
again is they will Shuwb.
You know,
it's Shuwb for Shuwb or no Shuwb for
you.
They will finally Shuwb.
They're finally in a position to return.
They're going to change and return to God.
And so that they're in a position for
God to return to them.
Then the remnant of his brothers,
this is in twenty thirty three,
shall change and they will return and they
will be restored as the children of
Israel,
of those who engage and endure with God.
I think that's a lovely place for us
to conclude this particular episode of the
Yahowah vlog here in the Ocean Studio.
We've covered a lot of material already.
We'll return to this hopefully tomorrow.
We have a vlog on the vlog later
today.
I would dearly love to get in the
first episode of Basics on Shabuw'ah because
we have a lot of material to make
our way through until I reveal to you
one of the most interesting prophecies
that we have stumbled upon at least this
week.
about the timing of Shabuw'ah and those who
are included and those who are counter to
its purpose.
And we'll get there so long as the
voice holds out and the king of the
cables is able to keep us online.
The rain doesn't fall.
The Wookie hangs with me.
Looking forward to our next program.
We'll be here with you shortly.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.